>> Brian Holt: Hopefully,
we had a good experience learning React.
What we wrote was totally complete.
I'm happy with that architecture,
and I think you can scale that to,
I personally scaled that
architecture to large applications.
>> Brian Holt: Now we're going to
introduce you to another concept,
which is Redux, right?
Redux is not married to React at all.
They're two totally separate libraries.
It was birthed for
sure in the React community, hence,
why it actually lives
in the React JS repo.
But it is totally acceptable to use Redux
with Angular, with Ember, or by itself.
Redux by itself Is not a particularly
verbose framework for restoring data.
There's actually a gist out there, that
you can write Redux in 80 lines of code,
bare minimum.
And it's not like code golf or
anything like that.
It's actually just not,
there's not a lot to Redux.
That being said, it's hard, right?
And I just wanna emphasize
throughout this entire course,
if any of this feels hard or
unapproachable or
anything like that, it's cuz it is hard,
we're learning some hard stuff here.
All of this stuff is hard.
So I permit you to feel like this is hard,
right?
Sometimes it's good to have
acknowledged that we're doing hard
stuff together, right?
That being said,
we're about to do harder stuff together.
Integrating Reacts and Redux is going to
make our architecture more complicated.
And you all see here, I want you to
make your own judgement calls here.
But it's going to make overly
complicated to the point of what
we're going to do was actually not worth
it for this size of the application.
But again that's my opinion and
I want you to make your own decision.
But I don't integrate Redux until
further along in the project life cycle.
I wait for Redux to become
necessary before I integrate it.
Which is what I'm gonna
suggest to you as well.
>> Brian Holt: Redux was invented by
Dan Abramov, really smart and nice guy.
He based it on Facebook's Flex
architecture and
also a bit on Elm's architecture as well.
So those kind of ideas combined in his
mind, cuz he wanted to write a data store
that was hot reloadable, what we were just
looking that, and it came up with Redux.
Redux is really similar to flux.
A lot of you have probably
heard of flux before,
that came out at the same time
as React from Facebook as well.
And flux is a really interesting
idea that you have data stores and
you dispatch actions into the data
stores which then modify themselves.
And then update whatever view layer,
in this case, React is subscribed to it.
The difference between Flex and Redux is
with Flex you have many stores, right?
They're kind of like
single concern stores.
So for example,
you'd have maybe a user store, and
then you'd have a messages store, and
then you'd have all these different kind
of stores that worry about
one particular thing.
[COUGH] I attended a talk from a Facebook
that told me on their ads product,
at its height,
it had over 100 stores on the page.
Now, as you may imagine,
that's a nightmare, right?
Trying to figure out what data goes into
what store is, at least at that scale,
unscalable.
It became more complicated
than it was worth.
And particularly, let's say we had
an animation that we were animating
a component across an entire page, right?
That was almost impossible to do with Flux
because you would have all these different
stores that were asynchronously
dispatching actions to each other and
trying to coordinate that
change across multiple stores.
It's pretty much impossible.
So Dan came up with this idea.
We have this one application in React,
right.
And this React application
is a tree of things.
Well why can't we have our data mimic
the way the reviews are stored, right?
So why don't we have one tree of data?
And that's how Redux was born, instead
of having one, or instead of having
many tiny stores, let's have one big
store, but the big store is just a tree.
And then each part of our application
can just subscribe to one part of
the tree, right?
That's the basic gist.
So yeah, you're gonna have
one Redux store on a page.
The top level function in a store in Redux
is called a reducer, or root reducer.
You're gonna hear the term reducer over,
and over, and over again.
>> Brian Holt: And
reducer is just a function that takes and
state in an action and
gives you back a new state, right.
So given this store, in this particular
state that it's in right now, and
this action,
this is the state that you get back out.
This is really awesome, because that
means everything is reproducible, right?
Given this state and this action,
you get this new state, right?
So it makes everything extremely
testable at every single level.
And we're actually gonna do quite
a bit of testing with Redux.
One of the big strengths of Redux is it
makes your state management very testable.
>> Brian Holt: So, and the way it
addresses those kind of large changes,
where it changes multiple things like
that animation example that I previously
gave is you have access to all
of the state all at once, right?
You can modify multiple things at once.
So if you have those massive changes
that you need to make, go right ahead,
you're welcome to do so.
So, this is kinda high level
what Redux is gonna do for you.
>> Brian Holt: State management, right,
it's a state management framework.
So we're gonna be taking
things out of React, right?
Right now, React is managing
all the state via its state,
like this.state.whatever,
and this.setState.
We're going to take that
data out of React, and
we're going to stick it into Redux, right?
So, we're kind of divorcing
our data from React.
Now I'm gonna assert to you, I think react
does a really good job of managing state.
However, you might get to a point at
some point we have tons of components,
all worried about the same state.
And that's the point where we say,
maybe I should use Redux now, right?
Cuz imagine for a moment, let's say
we had ten different routes, right?
Each of those routes was very complicated,
had lots of components, and they were all
interested about the shows that we
were requesting from the API, right?
Our two options here is that we can either
put all that data up into app.jsx and
pass that down into every route.
That's very burdensome, right?
Or we can have some sort of centralized
state container like Redux that
will take care of all that for us.
Does it make sense?
>> Speaker 2: When you say burdensome, you
just mean from a development perspective,
not from performance or-
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, development.
From a maintainability and
things like that, right?
Cuz what you're gonna have is you're gonna
have these shows at the top level and
you're gonna have to pass shows
in every single component.
So now every single component inside
of your application cares about these
shows, right?
This becomes a real problem
if I have top level app and
bottom level component down here.
And there's ten components here in the
middle, there's gonna have to be a bunch
of components passing state from parent to
child, parent to child, parent to child so
it eventually lands at the bottom, right?
Otherwise, I wouldn't have to have cared
about that shelves component, right?
But it's just kind of tying your data
into your application structure.
We call this a data tunneling, right?
This alleviates the data
tunneling problem.
So with React we had a very tight loop,
right?
This outsets date, well,
let's say, I typed into the input
that kicks off an event that goes into our
vent handler that they call set-state.
The setState updates the state and
it kicks off a re-render, right?
Pretty tight circle.
What we're gonna do with Redux is we're
going to make that circle a little
less tight, right?
We're gonna expand that circle.
So what's gonna happen is we're
going to kick off an event.
The event is gonna call the handler.
The handler's going to dispatch an action
to a Redux via an action creator,
which is then going to get
called into the reducer,
the reducer is then going
to modify its state.
Once the state's been modified, it's going
to notify React, which is a subscriber,
which is then going to
kick off a re-render, and
then you have updated
the state at that point.
So we've added three or
four more steps in there.
So if that sounds more complicated, it is.
So, tough I guess.
So let´s go ahead and
get started with that then.
First thing I want you to do is create
a new file called reducers.JS
lower case r and not JSX, just JS.
We're not going to have any
React living in here, so
that's why we're not gonna have any,
there's no X on the end, and
it's not a component so
it's not a capital r.
That's what those conventions mean.